
### ELECTRONIC_STORE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM
The main aim of this project is to help the electronic store vendors to maintain and manage the billing system of the store.The Simple Electronic Store Billing System is a project that can manage the billing for your electronics store. This system can help you manage the transaction within your store. The purpose of the system is to help and maintain the managing of bill record.In the world today where economy, productivity and all such related factors are growing, even the ordinary shops are also growing. Every day their business is growing, their agencies and the products they ship go on increasing. With this as the case, the shopkeeper just can’t remember where he has stored each item in his shop, what the cost of each product is and what categories each of them belong to and much more. So in my project, I have taken a specific case of an Electronic Store where several categories of electronic components will be available and also print the bill so that the shopkeeper can easily maintain his shop and handle many users at small time.

Electronics Store Billing System is based on a concept to generate daily payment transactions bill. Here, in this mini-project he/she can use the features of the system which includes Entering Customer’s Name as well as Cashier’s name, entering each item’s amount, then the system automatically generates the total bill of the customer.

Talking about the features of Electronics Store Billing System, all the prices are set in dollars. Total bills include Tax in it. The output of the system in the form of Bills which makes the user see it easily. In short, the program asks the user input for unit quantity data and calculates the total bill amount given the unit price, quantity, and tax rate. The current unit price set in the program are $110.00, $80, $9.20, $500.00, and $48.00, respectively.

This whole Electronics Store billing system project is developed using C Programming Language and different variables, strings have been used for the development of it. Electronics Store Billing System in C Programming is free to download with source code.

